Author Contact and Update Information:

Links to the current release of this package, and any available interim
releases of its components, can be found on the author's personal web site:

    http://clayruth.com/

This site also offers information about contacting the author.

******************************************************************************

The utilities included herewith are Copyright (C)1992-2005 by Clay Ruth, who
reserves all rights of ownership.  You are granted a license to use this
software, free of charge, in a private or corporate environment, only for the
purposes described below.  You are also permitted to distribute this package,
IN ITS ENTIRETY, INCLUDING THIS NOTICE, WITHOUT CHARGE TO THE RECIPIENT other
than reimbursement for any media on which it is distributed and associated
shipping costs.

YOU MAY NOT distribute this package or any component thereof for profit,
nor may you disassemble, reverse-engineer, or extract code from this software.

All software in this package is considered a BETA RELEASE, even though the
individual program modules are not identified as such. The programs have been
subjected to cursory testing and are believed to perform as described.
However, some anomalies may be encountered, especially when using utilities
that probe into subdirectories. Use caution and watch for unexpected results.
Please inform the author (at the address given below) of any difficulties you
encounter with these programs.

All software in this package is certified to have been free of viruses, trojans
and other malicious code when originally distributed by the author.  You, the
user, are solely responsible for its usage, including, but not limited to,
scanning for malicious code that it may have acquired in the distribution
channels, determining its suitability for the intended use, backing up all
critical files before modifying them with it, and accepting any and all
consequences of its use.  NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR THE DISTRIBUTOR IS RESPON-
SIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, DIRECT OR INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHERWISE,
RESULTING FROM YOUR DECISION TO USE THIS SOFTWARE.  YOU ACCEPT AND ASSUME
ALL RISKS OF USE.  NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IS MADE WITH
REGARD TO THE MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR USE OF THIS PACKAGE OR ANY
COMPONENT INCLUDED HEREWITH.

All trademarks referenced herein are the properties of their respective
owners. Their mention herein shall not be construed to infer any association
with, endorsement by, or critique by this package or its author.
